Setup Instructions - Twitter API 1.1


INTRODUCTION:

In this directory, you will find a file named CSharpRequestExample.txt
that contains a tested, working example method for making the request to
Twitter. There is also a file named PHPRequestExample that contains a 
set of methods for making the request in PHP. Please know that I have not
yet tested the code in PHPRequestExample, though it has been very highly
rated on StackOverflow. 


SAMPLE CODE CREDIT:

I did not write either of the example code files myself. I did modify and 
test the code in the CSharpRequestExample file, however, and included my 
modified version. The original source of that code came from
https://dev.twitter.com/discussions/15206 (LeathalChicken), and the 
original source of the PHP code came from 
http://stackoverflow.com/a/12939923/1506793 (Rivers). 


BEFORE CONTINUING:

If you are already familiar with Twitter's oAuth requirements
and setup, then the remainder of this document will only repeat what you
already know. 


ABOUT THE NEW API:

The Twitter API 1.1 release includes many changes to their existing API 
and renders much of it, along with the vast majority of plugins that were
designed for the original API useless. This is because of several new 
security and authentication requirements that Twitter now requires in all
calls to retrieve or update data. This added security feature requires  
that requests include special security keys in order to be authenticated,
and several of these keys should be kept hidded from site visitors. If you
want to read more about their changes or see more details about their new
security measures, visit http://dev.twitter.com. 


SETUP INSTRUCTIONS:

1. If you have not created one already, the first thing that you will need 
   is a Twitter account. Note that the account that you create need not be  
   the one that you are retrieving status updates (tweets) from. 

2. Go to http://dev.twitter.com and login with your developer account, or
   your new, regular account. If you are doing the latter, Twitter will 
   automatically create a developer account for you from your regular one.
   
3. Hover over your username (upper right) and click "My Applications". 

4. Click "Create a new application" and enter the necessary information. 
   For the "Callback URL", enter the URL of the website on which you will 
   be using this plugin. NOTE: the "Callback URL" is optional and is only
   necessary if you plan to use callbacks.
   
5. Once your Application has been created, click on "Create my access
   token", at the bottom of the "Details" tab on the application's page. 
   
At this point, you will have all of the necessary keys, secrets and tokens 
necessary for using this plugin. If you are unsure of what to do next, 
take a look at the example code, provided with the plugin. The code notes
where you need to put each of the necessary tokens and makes all of the 
necessary calls.


EXAMPLE CODE LOG:

March 18, 2013 - PHPRequequestExample.txt to serve as a PHP example for 
    performing the request to Twitter.

March 18, 2013 - Added CSharpRequestExample.txt to serve as a C# .NET 
    example for performing the request to Twitter.

March 18, 2013 - Added SETUP_INSTRUCTIONS 